RHDHBUGS-3223: Orchestrator docs Remove insecure config examples and improve inherit explanation placement (#2286)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/extend_orchestrator-in-rhdh/proc-configure-orchestrator-plugins.adoc

    disabled: false
  - package: "./dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-plugin-signals-backend-dynamic"
    disabled: false
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> The `{{inherit}}` attribute in the package versions automatically resolves to the {product-version} version and default plugin configuration provided by the Operator. This simplifies plugin management by eliminating the need to manually update versions when upgrading {product-very-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `{{inherit}}` attribute in the package versions automatically resolves to the plugin version and default plugin configuration provided in the configured plugin catalog index image (or the index image defined in the {product-version} version). This simplifies plugin management by eliminating the need to manually update versions when upgrading {product-very-short}.
```

Feel free to rephrase, but `{{inherit}}` won't necessarily match the RHDH version. It will actually resolve to the plugin version and configuration as declared in the configured plugin catalog index image (or the default plugin catalog index image defined in the {product-version} version). And there is nothing about the Operator here (which also uses `{{inherit}}` by default).

> The `{{inherit}}` attribute in the package versions automatically resolves to the plugin version and default plugin configuration provided in the configured plugin catalog index image (or the index image defined in the {product-version} version). This simplifies plugin management by eliminating the need to manually update versions when upgrading {product-very-short}.

Reviewer 2: > in the configured plugin catalog index image

What's this? Can I configure it? I think this needs to link to an explanation, or the note should be simplified to something like "The `{{inherit}}` attribute in the package field automatically resolves to the plugin version and default plugin configuration for the version of RHDH being used. If you need a specific plugin version, replace inherit with $CORRECT_SYNTAX"

    disabled: false
  - package: "./dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-plugin-signals-backend-dynamic"
    disabled: false
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you need a specific plugin version, replace `{{inherit}}` with the version tag, for example: `oci://registry.access.redhat.com/rhdh/red-hat-developer-hub-backstage-plugin-orchestrator:1.3.0`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you need a specific plugin version, replace `{{inherit}}` with the version tag, for example: `oci://registry.access.redhat.com/rhdh/red-hat-developer-hub-backstage-plugin-orchestrator:1.3.0`.
```
